Here, we used a long-term dataset of demographic data combined with 1,745 single nucleotide polymorphisms to investigate mating patterns within a population of the eastern quoll (_Dasyurus_ _viverrinus_) reintroduced to a conservation-fenced reserve. Pedigree reconstruction revealed high rates of multiple paternity, with 47–85% of litters sired by more than one male (depending, respectively, on whether all litters or only those with >1 offspring were assessed). Reconstructed litters contained up to three sires. Trait-based generalised linear mixed-modelling showed individual reproductive success was significantly correlated with higher bodyweight, lower age, and having a fawn, rather than black, colour-morph. Across the Dasyuridae family, higher rates of multiple paternity were associated with shorter lifespans, but not sexual size-dimorphism or greater intersex aggression. Our findings indicate that individual traits predict reproductive success in the eastern quoll, and that within a polyandrous taxonomic family the likelihood of multiple paternity can depend on the evolutionary life history of the species (e.g., lifespan).

Generally, we're asking the question "What affects breeding in the population" in a hurdle-model approach.
1. Of the morphological and genetic factors possessed by an individual (colour, heterozygosity, etc), which affect breeding success?
2. For individuals that breed successfully, do any traits influence the number of offspring produced?

Note that in this analysis "successful" reproduction is equivalent to recruiting offspring into the next generation, rather than conception/birth being the endpoint. This is because individuals can only be captured and  microchipped/sampled if they survive from birth to dispersal from the natal den (and, therefore, they are captured in population monitoring).

Related datasets are also archived for long-term storage at ANU's Data Repository: https://dx.doi.org/10.25911/50fr-x765.
